Add missing `tags` in correlation rule (#200)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: specification/sigma-correlation-rules-specification.md

More information on the default taxonomy can be found in the [Sigma Taxonomy Appendix](sigma-appendix-taxonomy.md) file.

#### Tags

**Attribute**: tags

**Use:** optional

A Sigma rule can be categorized with tags. Tags should generally follow this syntax:

- Character set: lower-case letters, numerals, underscores and hyphens
- no spaces
- Tags are namespaced, the dot is used as separator. e.g. *attack.t1234* refers to technique 1234 in the namespace *attack*; Namespaces may also be nested
- Keep tags short, e.g. numeric identifiers instead of long sentences

> - Feel free to send pull request or issues with proposals for new tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Character set: Lower-case letters, numerals, underscores and hyphens
- No spaces
- Tags are namespaced, the dot is used as separator. e.g. `attack.t1234` refers to technique 1234 in the namespace `attack`; Namespaces may also be nested
- Keep tags short, e.g. numeric identifiers instead of long sentences
- Feel free to send pull requests or issues with proposals for new tags
```

Reviewer: this needs also be changed in rules. Let me see if I can achieve this in Github UI xD

No I couldn't :grimacing:

Author: Will do at home asap

Reviewer: Oh I did it locally myself. I just was curious if there is a way to do it on the WebUI

## History

- 2025-XX-XX Specification v2.2.0

>   - add missing `tags`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - add `tags` attribute to the correlation rules specification
```
